Welcome to Digital Painting Masterclass! I'm your creative guide,
and today we'll explore the art of digital painting in Photoshop.
This course teaches brush techniques, color theory,
and composition for stunning digital artworks.
We'll start with brush settings and custom brush creation,
then explore blending modes and texture techniques.
Learn professional digital painting workflows
from sketch to finished masterpiece.
Master color harmony and atmospheric perspective.
We'll create landscapes, portraits, and fantasy scenes,
with advanced lighting and shadow techniques.
Digital painting opens endless creative possibilities.
By the end, you'll paint like a digital master.
Let's unlock your artistic potential together!